Version bump to release v0.1.1 (#23)
NordicSemiconductor/pc-nrfconnect-board-configurator: Changelog.md

# Changelog

## 0.1.1 - 2024-01-18

EXPERIMENTAL RELEASE

> -   Added a feedback form
> -   Added list of supported Development Kits
> -   Updated dependencies to avoid starting and crashing on old nRF Connect
>     Launcher

Reviewer: If you decide to implement exactly my suggestion, please run the linter 🙂

```suggestion
### Added
-    Feedback form.
-    List of supported Development Kits.

### Changed

-    Minimum version of nRF Connect for Desktop
```
